Add the indexer configuration option (#7164)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/api/configuration.rst

~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 4.8.0

+------------+----------------------+---------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Sub-fields | Allowed values       | Default value | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
+============+======================+===============+=============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================+

> | allow      | yes, true, no, false | true          | Allow uploading configurations with modified indexer values through the Wazuh API. Setting this option to ``false`` prevents uploading ``ossec.conf`` files if the ``<indexer>`` section has changed.                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: I would add a link to the `indexer` tag reference (`user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/indexer.html`).

> | allow      | yes, true, no, false | true          | Allow uploading configurations with modified indexer values through the Wazuh API. Setting this option to ``false`` prevents uploading ``ossec.conf`` files if the :ref:`indexer <reference_ossec_indexer>` section has changed.                                                                                                            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| allow      | yes, true, no, false | true          | Allows uploading an updated :doc:`indexer configuration section </user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/indexer>` through the Wazuh API. Setting this option to ``false`` prevents updating the indexer configuration when uploading ``ossec.conf``.                                                                                             |
```
